Updated github user docs (#447)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Contributions policy

We are currently not accepting public contributions (but we do plan to in 
later releases and we’ll keep you posted on this). However, we are taking issues and we do want your 
[feedback](./README.md#give-us-feedback).

## Coding standards
See the [GDK for Unreal C++ coding standards guide](./SpatialGDK/Documentation/contributions/unreal-gdk-coding-standards.md).

## Warning

> This is an [alpha](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/release-policy#maturity-stages) release of the SpatialOS Unreal GDK, pending stability and performance improvements. The API may change as we learn from feedback - see the guidance on [Recommended use](https://docs.improbable.io/unreal/latest/content/recommended-use).

Reviewer: SpatialOS GDK for Unreal

See the [GDK for Unreal C++ coding standards guide]({{urlRoot}}/contributions/unreal-gdk-coding-standards).

## Warning

> This is an [alpha](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/release-policy#maturity-stages) release of the SpatialOS Unreal GDK, pending stability and performance improvements. The API may change as we learn from feedback - see the guidance on Recommended use, below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is an [alpha](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/release-policy#maturity-stages) release of the SpatialOS GDK for Unreal, pending stability and performance improvements. The API may change as we learn from feedback - see the guidance on [Recommended use]({{urlRoot}}/readme/recommended-use).
```

There's no "recommend use" section below on this page, so I tried adding a link to the one in the README.md instead. Not sure if the link is right though.

> This [alpha](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/release-policy#maturity-stages) release of the SpatialOS GDK for Unreal is for evaluation and feedback purposes only, with limited documentation - see the guidance on [Recommended use]({{urlRoot}}/index#recommended-use)

Reviewer 3: We need to remove the "evaluation and feedback purposes". Taken from README:

```
This is an alpha (SpatialOS website) release of the SpatialOS Unreal GDK, pending stability and performance improvements. The API may change as we learn from feedback - see the guidance on Recommended use, below.
```
